Use list[int] instead of typing.List[int] in generics.rst (#11377)
python/mypy: docs/source/generics.rst

   >>> print(Stack[int]().__class__)
   __main__.Stack

For Python 3.8 and lower, note that built-in types :py:class:`list`,
:py:class:`dict` and so on do not support indexing in Python.
This is why we have the aliases :py:class:`~typing.List`, :py:class:`~typing.Dict`
and so on in the :py:mod:`typing` module. Indexing these aliases gives
you a class that directly inherits from the target class in Python:

.. code-block:: python

>    >>> # ONLY RELEVANT FOR PYTHON 3.8 AND BELOW
>    >>> # For Python >=3.9, use normal `list[int]` syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >>> # Only relevant for Python 3.8 and below
   >>> # For Python 3.9 onwards, prefer `list[int]` syntax
```
